samples: nrf9160: gps: update GPS sample to use the new GNSS API (#4430)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/gps/README.rst

.. _gps_with_supl_support_sample:

nRF9160: GPS with SUPL client library
#####################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The GPS sample demonstrates how to retrieve `GNSS`_ data.
If Secure User-Plane Location (SUPL) support is enabled, it also shows how to improve the fix accuracy and fix speed with `A-GPS`_ data from a SUPL server.
See :ref:`supl_client` for information on enabling SUPL support for the sample.

> The sample first initializes the `GNSS`_ interface.

Reviewer: Maybe leave this link out as we have it a few lines above.

Then it handles events from the interface, reads the associated data and outputs information to the console.
Because `NMEA`_ data needs to be read as soon as an `NMEA`_ event is received, a message queue is used for buffering the `NMEA`_ strings.
The event handler function reads the received `NMEA`_ strings and puts those into the queue.
The consumer loop reads from the queue and outputs the strings to the console.

> When SUPL support is enabled, a workqueue is used for downloading the `A-GPS`_ data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When SUPL support is enabled, a work queue is used for downloading the `A-GPS`_ data.
```

Author: I'm referring to Zephyr workqueues, which are written without a space: https://docs.zephyrproject.org/1.9.0/kernel/threads/workqueues.html

Should we add a link to the Zephyr documentation?

Reviewer: Could be a good idea. Generally, work queue seems to be written as two separate words as I suggested, but Zephyr seems to disagree with that.

> When SUPL support is enabled, a :ref:`Zephyr workqueue <zephyr:workqueues_v2>` is used for downloading the `A-GPS`_ data.

Reviewer: Leave out the A-GPS link as we have it already on line 11. Also consider getting rid of the same link under "Using the sample with..." just before the Testing section.

> Downloading the data can take some time and using a workqueue ensures that the main thread is not blocked during the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloading the data can take some time and using a work queue ensures that the main thread is not blocked during the operation.
```

Author: Added link. Also added link to Zephyr message queue.

> In the default mode, the sample displays information from both PVT (Position, Velocity, and Time) and `NMEA`_ strings.

Reviewer: The first NMEA link is also pretty close to this, so consider leaving this out.
